Through out this Fall-2020 semester, I have studied and completed courses about following these topics along with class for Distributed Computing System (CSE 707)

Course Name: Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) on Course Era
Summary: Throughout this course, I have learned the basics of Cloud computing: what it is, what it supports, and how it is delivered. This course has covered storage 
services, Cloud economics, levels of managed infrastructure, and Azure services. I have explored different deployment models of Cloud computing, as well as several 
hosting scenarios. Last but not least, I have also learnt about some of the cloud platforms and also come to know about the future of cloud computing.

https://www.coursera.org/learn/cloud-computing-basics/home/week/1
Course Era Credentials: 
Email: farhanatasmi99@gmail.com
Password: Mscincse009#


1.
https://youtu.be/ajjOEltiZm4

Summary: I saw this tutorial about distributed computing, distributed software systems, and related concepts.

In this lesson, I studied about:
* What is a Distributed System
* Distributed Systems Components
* Characteristics of Distributed Systems
* Distributed Computing Concepts
* Types of Distributed Systems
* Why Building a Distributed System
* Issues of Distributed systems
* Advantages and limitations of Distributed Systems

2.
https://youtu.be/zC9cnh8rJd0

In this 'Spark Tutorial' I have comprehensively studied all the major concepts of Spark such as Spark RDD, Dataframes, Spark SQL and Spark Streaming.
With the increasing size of data that generates every second, it is important to analyze this data to get important business insights in lesser time.

This is where Apache Spark comes in to process real-time big data. So, keeping the importance of Spark in mind, we have come up with this full course.

3.
https://youtu.be/xDpvyu0w0C8

This Edureka Hadoop vs Spark video helped me to understand the differences between Hadoop and Spark. I have learned about here - 
Introduction to Hadoop, Introduction to Apache Spark, Spark vs Hadoop - Performance, Ease of Use Cost, Data Processing, Fault tolerance Security, Hadoop 
Use-cases, Spark Use-cases

4.
https://youtu.be/3Arj5zlUPG4

This Azure tutorial video helped me to understand why cloud computing is needed, what is cloud computing, what is Azure, Azure services and uses of Azure. 
Cloud infrastructure is set to dominate the IT space. Microsoft Azure is growing faster than any other cloud services provider with an incredible 154% YOY 
growth rate. The data is impressive and quite convincing as to why you could consider learning cloud technologies like MS Azure. The opportunities for Microsoft 
Azure certified aspirants have drastically multiplied in recent years. Cloud technologies like Azure are evolving at a rapid clip, outpacing the average rate of 
growth in the IT sector as a whole.

5.
https://youtu.be/v-F3YLd6oMw

This is an intro to shell scripting with Bash. I have learned from here - what shell scripting is and create a cheat sheet with things like variables, conditionals,
loops, functions, etc. We will also do things like rename multiple files.

6.
https://youtu.be/oxuRxtrO2Ag

This video is a crash course to help new users get started with BASH with some basic commands.

7.
https://youtu.be/o8NPllzkFhE

Linus Torvalds transformed technology twice — first with the Linux kernel, which helps power the Internet, and again with Git, the source code management system used 
by developers worldwide. In a rare interview with TED Curator Chris Anderson, Torvalds discusses with remarkable openness the personality traits that prompted his unique 
philosophy of work, engineering and life. "I am not a visionary, I'm an engineer," Torvalds says. "I'm perfectly happy with all the people who are walking around and just
staring at the clouds ... but I'm looking at the ground, and I want to fix the pothole that's right in front of me before I fall in."

8.
https://youtu.be/qLFB376KZPc

In this video I looked at the basics of parallel programming with OpenMP!

9.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49DzPT9HFJM&feature=youtu.be

In this tutorial, I studied about the basics of the Slurm scheduler at the Center for High Performance Computing. It covered about - Accounts and partitions, Job queue, 
Slurm information, Useful aliases, Running jobs, Acquiring information about jobs.

10.
https://youtu.be/SbpgCmtwGRg
I took a look at concept mapping - how to explore the value of concept maps and how you can build your very own in Lucidchart

11.
BOOK: Designing Distributed Systems: Patterns and Paradigms for Scalable, Reliable Services
Developing reliable, scalable distributed systems today is often more black art than science. Building these systems is complicated and, because few formally established 
patterns are available for designing them, most of these systems end up looking very unique. This practical guide shows you how to use existing software design patterns 
for designing and building reliable distributed applications.

12.
BOOK: Designing Data-Intensive Applications: The Big Ideas Behind Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Systems 
I read this book for completing final report on concept map. This book examines the key principles, algorithms, and trade-offs of data systems, using the internals of 
various popular software packages and frameworks as examples. Tools at your disposal are evolving and demands on applications are increasing, but the principles behind 
them remain the same. I learnt how to determine what kind of tool is appropriate for which purpose, and how certain tools can be combined to form the foundation of a 
good application architecture. I also learnt how to develop an intuition for what your systems are doing, so that you’re better able to track down any problems that arise.

